This homework assignment was extremely difficult for me. The troubles came 
from implementation of parse_prefix, while convert_grammar was fairly simple.
My parse_prefix function currently does not work as intended by the spec. 
It returns None when it is supposed to return None and it returns Some when 
it is supposed to return Some, but the ordering of the derivatives is causing 
it to fail most of the test cases. My test cases do a good job of showing how
 it only handles the simplistic grammar parsing correctly (test_3). Any addition
 of order in tokens or symbols causes my returned ordering to fail exact 
comparison tests (test_1 and test_2). The issue lies in the fact that I never 
correctly got the internal acceptor to work. I noted in my code where I was 
working on implementing it but overall it was not progressing as I expected. 
With the external acceptor, my code works as described. It returns the correct
 values for the derivative, just not in the correct order. My code is commented
 fairly well to describe how I went about the breakdown of this homework. Any
 code that requires the use of an internal acceptor or needs to backtrack to
 find a correct path will fail. I am still trying to get the backtracking to
 work but I’m submitting this now with the possibility of not completing it 
so I have this unfinished code in on time. 

A break down of how I went about solving this problem in general. My parse_prefix
 function  has 4 helper functions that help to check the rules and analyze 
possible accepts. I have two matcher functions for AND and OR. The function 
check_or calls check_and to build the derivative and see if anything at all 
accepts. check_and analyzes at the head and is supposed to recursively call 
on the tail to see any possible accepts but this was not implemented correctly.
 To analyze the head, check_and uses analyze_rules which should have the call
 to the internal acceptor but once again I could not get this working correctly
 as it continued to return with improper accepts from a call to check_and. 
Instead, these just return. My parse_prefix uses these functions by organizing 
the grammar properly then calling start_checks which is a helper function that 
merely starts the checks to allow for a restart when analyze_rules leads to a 
nonterminal. My code is commented to help understand this organization. Hopefully
 I can solve my issues and resubmit my code but for now this should be enough 
for significant partial credit.
